CE301 Final Report Feedback
Student: 2313797 LIAW, YI KAI

Learning objectives assessed:
1. Apply an appropriate design methodology to achieve a product defined by a specification.
2. Use agile project management tools (Jira) and time management techniques to plan and manage a project over a period of six months or more.
3. Locate and read references and produce summaries and critical analysis of them. Be aware of peer review as a means of the quality assurance of written work.
4. Record plans, ideas, results, and reflections in a log book as defined in the project guidebook.
5. Work as an individual to specify, design, construct and test a system to meet a project requirement.
6. Demonstrate oral and written communication skills through the writing of the initial and final report, through the midpoint second assessor oral examination, through the preparation and presentation of a poster at the Project Open Day, and by providing a working demonstration of the project product at the Presentation, Demonstration, and Oral Examination (PDO).
7. Present and discuss ideas informally with academic supervisors.
8. Plan an employability strategy in light of current knowledge regarding graduate employment.
9. Define and discuss the role of an engineer in society particularly related to professional ethics.
10. Plan and report on the aspects of risk within their specific project.
11. Explain the meaning of Intellectual Property and ways in which IP can be protected.


Report Feedback:
Organisation and Presentation:   
Very nicely presented and organised.
        
Writing Quality:
Good writing quality.

Technical Quality and Level:
The project poses a wide range of technical challenges, from web frontend design to backend development to the design of the interface with the OR tool. It has been implemented to a very high standard. The student showed ownership of the project and carried it out enthusastically and professionally.

Weaknesses:
Some quantitative assessment of the quality of the routing would have been nice.

Other:
It has been a pleasure working with you and I wish you the best for the future



CE301 Project Supervisor: Luca CITI
Module Supervisor: Dr V. Mohan
Feedback written by: Luca CITI
